This is the teaching of Dzogchen, and the Dzogchen teaching is known as the embodiment of all of
the Buddha's teachings.
Dzogchen is the essential teaching of entire Buddha's teachings. So therefore, Dzogchen embodies
all of the teachings.
And that was also said in one of the great Dzogchen teachings known as Yapar Chalaam. In that
teaching also said that Dzogchen is the embodiment of the primordial wisdom of all the Buddha's.
So that means, all the teachings, for example Nayana teachings, all the teachings of the different
schools, teaching is exposed, or can reflect from the primordial wisdom.
So therefore, every teaching is the race of the primordial wisdom, or the light of the primordial
wisdom. That light came from the primordial wisdom.
Dzogchen is the center of that primordial wisdom.
Therefore Dzogchen encompasses entire teachings. And so, in that case, in that reason, he is a
great master, for example, a hippo Dzogchen.
He is also very humble and very simple. And he has also respected all the teachings of the Tibetan
Buddhists.
In particular, that time, as we said the other day, and as we know, that time there are so many
different new schools that develop with great excitements and great enthusiasm.
And even though he himself is one of the leading Dzogchen practitioners, Dzogchen masters, but he
respected and appreciated all those teachings.
Therefore, since Dzogchen embodies all those teachings, and he understands, he realizes that. And
therefore, he respects and appreciates all these teachings and attracts the courtesans, such as
from the Mahamudar schools, or the masters of the Mahamudar schools.
As well as then, also as Kondayyini, which is the renowned guru of the Saka schools of the Tibetan
Buddhists, or the Lamras, and then Rohan, which is another one-taste guru.
And as well as then, J.D., or the Parthama Sahaja's teachings, or the Mahatma's teachings. I mean,
so forth, all those teachings, he typed the quotations, for example, as you all see here, how he
was appreciating.
And all those are not really contrary to any teaching. All those are the teachings of the Buddha.
That's what he would like to prove.
And all those, when you apply those teachings, it merges to the heart of the Dzogchen teaching. It
is practice. It is Dzogchen teaching.
And generally, for that reason, again, great master, Mahamud also said it. And there are so many
different schools and views developed, or expanded, not developed, expanded from the Dzocci's
school, Dzocci's teachings of the mind sections.
Dzocci has three sections, mind sections, and the space sections, and as well as the pit, as you're
talking, sections.
So this Ronyan and Mahamudra, as well as this laundry, all those are a variety of different aspects
of these mind sections of the Dzocci's teaching.
Therefore, all is, it's all teaching. It's all the same. There's nothing really any contradiction,
any kind of references. And so that's what this great master says.
So we just, again, highlight of that those, his intention, his will, and as well as the nature of
the teaching, his son or the Buddha teaching.
And with that, then again, we follow this teaching.